&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I see it almost as a rite of passage that every teenage have at least one job in fast food. It gives a different perspective on the world, makes you appreciate the small things, and motivates you to never work fast food again. I got pretty lucky with this job, though. I didn't have to go home smelling like grease, I never had anyone yell at me that their food wasn't the way the liked, and I certainly didn't have to stand at a register all day. Instead, I got to use my big bicep muscles to carry pizzas out the door, into my car, down the road, and to someone's front porch. In the process, I was truly able to see the expanse of the wealth gap. I delivered to worn down shacks and mobile homes that would look more at home in a junkyard. I delivered to the apartments and townhomes of people who were making their way up and on their way down. I delivered to the suburban masses who had all achieved their own American dream. And I delivered to the occasional mansion, to those who had achieved (or received) more than they could dream. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Some nights were busier than others and other nights were way busier some, but for the most part, I enjoyed my time there. I got spend some time hanging around in the back, slowly sweeping while listening to some other employee rant on about some minor inconvenience. I spent some time in the front, trying to understand someone's pizza request in terms of the buttons I had available on the screen. But I spent most of my time out on the road, listening to music and podcasts, and trying not to get angry at traffic. It was therapeutic at sometimes - especially sunset - when all was at peace, and I had a good run. After a few months, though, it got extremely boring, making me all the more grateful that I was leaving for Austin in August.