&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I got my first clarinet in 6th grade for beginner band. It was a cheap piece of plastic, but it made clarinet noises and that's all you need for your first year. I don't even remember where my mom got it from, but it was probably either a friend or an antique store. Once I finished my first year of band and proved myself to be a devoted and disciplined musician, my mom got me my first wooden clarinet: a Buffet E11. It sounded so much better than the plastic thing I had before, and the keys were so crisp and responsive. It was at this time that I started taking private lessons from Michael Dean (Clarinet Mike) and made the region band for the first time (I even got 1st chair when I tried out in 8th grade!). At this point, my mom could tell that I was pretty serious about this whole band thing, and thanks to some persuasion from Clarinet Mike, she decided to get me a professional-level horn as a high school freshman. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mind you, clarinet players have it pretty good when it comes to instrument pricing. Some musicians (brass players in particular) have to pay $5,000 to $10,000 for a professional-level instrument, but you can pick up a used clarinet for a little over $1,000. Clarinet Mike knew a guy, so went to this random clarinet dealer's house and they set out three clarinets for me to play. I played a little bit on each of them and if I'm completely honest, my ear wasn't quite trained enough to tell the difference between them; But Clarinet Mike had a strong preference for one of them, that's the one we ended up going with: my very own Buffet R13. This new clarinet had was older than I was, though, so many of the keys were sticky and many of the pads were cracked. Thankfully, Clarinet Mike knew another guy, so we drove it up to a repair shop in Denton called [TB Winds](https://tbwinds.com/). They did an absolute bang-up job, and soon my 1980s clarinet was feeling brand new. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I've pretty much taken this clarinet everywhere at this point. It's been to marching band competitions, area auditions, UIL contests, and orchestra concerts. The only place I've avoided taking it is the pavement during summer band. I really didn't want it in the Texas heat, so it only got taken out there as a last resort (I used the 'ol E11 most of the time out in the heat). I've definitely grown into it since my freshman year of high school, every year developing a warmer, more mature sound. I've fixed it a couple times, too. I had to replace all of its corks after they disintegrated simultaneously and inexplicably. I also had a slight problem with the bottom right pinkie key where it wouldn't press the lowest pad down all the way, but I was able to fix that by folding up a sticky note and cramming it beneath the key connector (also very useful for finding my clarinet among others). Anyways, it's been an amazing clarinet, and I hope I will get continue making music with it for the decades to come. Also, thanks mom!