&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As soon as our metal bunkhouse had been built at PK, our grandpa helped us fill its garage with all sorts of ancient tools and machinery. Ranked among these machines was a multipurpose woodworking platform known as the ShopSmith. The ShopSmith is basically just a big, variable speed motor on rails that can be connected to a variety of bits and add-ons. This ShopSmith was equipped with a drill press, a band saw, and, most importantly, a lathe. The lathe is a simple tool that spins a piece of wood very fast as the worker carves into it with many chisels of different shapes and sizes. It took us a while to realize the brilliance of this machine that was now resting in our shop, but after a year or two, I finally comitted to try and make something with it. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I spent an hour or so finding all the correct attatchments and watching Youtube tutorials, and before I knew it, I was spinning a log (or branch, rather. I wanted to start off small). I didn't really have any plans for this first piece; I just wanted to try out all six of the different chisels. I started carving away the bark and immediately found great satisfaction in watching the rough shape of the log become circular and smooth. After an hour or so of carving, I had made the semblance of a candlestick (a stick with curves and grooves), and I was immensely happy. Isaac saw my creation, and wanted to take a shot at making something of his own. Soon, we had another piece of curvy wood to add to our collection (this time with two bulbous ends so as to mimic the shape of a dog toy).
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A few months passed, and I wanted to make something bigger. I had the ridiculous idea to try and carve a baseball bat out a cedar log, so I spent quite a finding and preparing and log that was long, thick, and straight enough to contain a bat. After finding the right log and loading up the lathe, it was quite terrifying. The log was so big that even though it was straight, the ShopSmith vibrated violently. Despite the vibrations, I grabbed the chisels and started chipping away at the log (my hands growing numb in the procces). Slowly but surely, the log became more circular, and eventually the vibrations subsided. After about 4 hours of carving, the ground had become coated in a thick layer of shavings and the bat had finally take shape. It was hilariously oversized and unwieldy, so I decided to call it the PK Pounder.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Another year passed without any woodworking activity, and I returned to lathe with a desire to create a finer work. I though a gavel would be proper since it is slightly more complex than a baseball bat, but wouldn't require nearly as much material. I found two logs (one for the head and one for the handle) and carved them into what I thought a gavel looked like. I used a paddle bit to put a big hole in the bottom of the head and inserted the handle with some wood glue and a couple mallet blows. After looking back at a reference, I realized the hammer I had created was much larger than any real world gavel, and looked more like a cartoon hammer. Nevertheless, I was very happy with the result, especially since this gavel would be more decorative than practical.