&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My keyboard journey began pretty early on with a wireless Corsair tenkeyless keyboard. It was by far the best keyboard I had ever owned, and I used it for a solid two years. It was a mechanical keyboard with linear switches (still my favorite kind of switch) and a 2.4GHz dongle that had much better latency than Bluetooth. Like many of my tech products, though, I eventually became unsatisfied with it (due in full part to learning about custom keyboards from YouTube). I wanted something with Bluetooth so that I could connect it to my iPad, something extra small so that I could take it on the go, and something super quiet so that I could use it in school. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After hours of research, I decided to buy a Keychron K6, a set of Silent Alpaca Linears, and some black, blank, PBT keycaps. Whenever they were delivered, I stayed up extra late pulling out all the stock Cherry MX Reds out of the hot-swap PCB and putting in my special switches (truly a great introduction into the keyboard modding community). I loved the clean look of a 60% keyboard with blank keycaps, and I started taking it to school with me every day. I felt really smart touch typing with my special keyboard, and it was super fun when other people asked to type on it, too. Eventually, I grew so attached to the new keyboard that I gave my old Corsair one to a friend, and I began using it for both my iPad and PC. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After upgrading my PC, the bluetooth latency became more and more noticeable, and I, again, became unsatisfied. This time, though, I wanted to do something crazy. I went on to [RTINGS.com](https://www.rtings.com/keyboard/tools/table), sorted by input latency, and found the first wireless keyboard that showed up: the Razer BlackWidow V3 Mini Hyperspeed. I checked eBay, saw that they were selling for super cheap, and after two days of contemplation, snatched one for $44.95. Unlike the Keychron, however, this Razer keyboard had soldered switches, and it just so happened that the switches soldered this one I purchased were clicky switches, some of the most obnoxiously, unnecessarily loud switches that exist. Whenever the keyboard came in, I checked out a soldering kit from Texas Invention works and began the long and arduous journey of desoldering the entire keyboard (67 keys * 2 joints per switch = 134 joints to desolder). 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After 5 hours of solder sucking (the most infuriating task in electrical engineering), I finally had a blank canvas to begin the soldering on new switches. In retrospect, I probably should have just been patient and waited to get home (where I had left the Cherry MX Reds from the Keychron), but I decided to solder on the Alpaca Silent Linears. Due to my poor soldering job, the backslash key sometimes glitched out and started spamming backslashes everywhere, but it only happened twice, so overall, I was very happy with my new keyboard. The latency was indistinguishable from wired keyboards I had tried, and it sounded just as good as the Keychron. My satisfaction didn't last for long, though. I don't know if it was something about the design of the Silent Alpacas or maybe the way they had been soldered and desoldered so much, but after I put them on the Razer keyboard, they started feeling mushier than I previously remembered. I ignored it for a few months, but once summertime came around (and boredom ensued), I decided to do something about it.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In order to determine the perfect replacement switch for the Alpacas, I bought a switch tester with a whole bunch of linear switches: Gateron Box Ink Blacks, Oil Kings, Milky Yellows, TTC Neptunes, Frozen Silents, and WS Morandis. They all felt and sounded amazing (except for the Box Ink Blacks - too clicky imo), but I preferred lighter switches and less effort, so I ended up going with the TTC Neptunes. Those came in the mail, and I once again began desoldering my poor Razer keyboard's PCB. This time, though, I was experienced. I now knew that solder sucking was less about creating a seal and more sucking while the solder's hot. I began sucking solder without even removing the iron, and that worked so much more consistently. Within no time (~5 hours), my keyboard was back to functional with a new set of thocky, light, linear switches, and it's hard to imagine something better.
