&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This summer, our family went on a vacation to Yellowstone National Park. We had actually gone once before back in 2017, but Isaac and I weren't really mature enough to completely enjoy the awesomeness of this park. The [road trip](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/fort+worth/yellowstone/@36.4642356,-107.9018365,5z/data=!4m13!4m12!1m5!1m1!1s0x864e6e122dc807ad:0xa4af8bf8dd69acbd!2m2!1d-97.3307658!2d32.7554883!1m5!1m1!1s0x5351e55555555555:0xaca8f930348fe1bb!2m2!1d-110.561249!2d44.5979182) was brutal: about 20 hours of flat plains and nothingness into Wyoming. But the park itself was more than worth it. We spent three day there in one of the hotels inside the park, and it seemed like everyday had new surprises for us. Of course, there was the beautiful scenery, the powerful geysers, and the all sorts of strange formations related to hot water, but I was most interested in the wildlife. We got to see black bears, grizzly bears, gray wolves, elk, deer, pronghorn, and bison... lots and lots of bison. Going through Lamar Valley, we saw herds of hundreds and thousands grazing and running through the fields. There were even some herds that had babies! I felt a little out of place because 1 in 5 people there had some massive telescope attached to the end of their camera, and I was here with just a little piece of plastic. It was fine, though, because I still got some amazing photos (and I didn't have to carry around the guilt of spending $10,000 just to zoom in a little farther). Maybe when I'm a successful electrical engineer and I have more money than I know what to do with, I'll spend an unholy amount of it on a new camera and go visit Yellowstone again with a family of my own, but for now, I'm couldn't be more happy with our time there.