&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Having officially declared my technical track as Power Systems and Renewable Energy, I felt an irresistible urge to create my own source of power. I knew the basic concept of how generators work - magnets and copper coils spin and induce a voltage - but I had no idea what configuration would work best. After doing some research, I decided on a pretty standard configuration of rotating the magnets around a series of stationary coils. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I then went to Amazon and found what sizes of magnets and copper wire were the cheapest. I settled on a ten pack neodymium [bar magnets](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0B5DGTXQY?ref=ppx_yo2ov_dt_b_fed_asin_title&th=1) (for just $11!) and a pound of 18 AWG enameled [copper wire](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07GBNQ1DS?ref=ppx_yo2ov_dt_b_fed_asin_title) (for a much less exciting $26). While those were in the mail, I started working on the 3D model of a prototype magnet rotor that I could do some testing with. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Once all the materials arrived, I assembled a quick prototype of the rotor by zip-tying all ten magnets around the cylinder I had 3D printed. I mounted the rotor on a little stand with some bearings, and it was able to spin freely. Next, I coiled up some of the copper wire and sanded the ends to get rid of the enamel (I wanted to be able to measure the voltage). After testing a couple different orientations, it appeared that I could get the highest voltage when the coils were perpendicular to the rotor. This way, the direction of the magnetic field pointed straight through the center of the coil. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There was one small problem, though. Even after making a pretty hefty coil of 18 AWG wire, I was only getting around 50 mV. This was disappointing because even if I wired up 10 coils in series as I had planned, that would still only amount to 0.5 V, and that's hardly any fun! I was feeling kind of defeated, but one day when I was walking through the Texas Inventionworks, I came across some much thinner wire in the "free stuff" cabinet. With this thinner gauge (~30 AWG), I was able to make many more loops while still ending up with a manageable coil size. After making around 300 loops, I was getting close to 400 mV (an x8 improvement!)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I went ahead a bought a pound of this [thin wire](https://www.remingtonindustries.com/magnet-wire/magnet-wire-30-awg-enameled-copper-8-spool-sizes/) (the stuff from the free cabinet was only enough for one coil) and continued modeling my stator design. When I was finally done modeling my whole generator - rotor, stator, coil holders, and gears - I spent an entire week showing up early to the Texas Inventionworks to get all the parts printed. The free printers are pretty much a free-for-all, so I took whatever printer I could get. In the end, this meant my generator looked more like a Fisher-Price toy, but I think it adds character. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Once I had a free Saturday to finish assembling everything, I spent the entire afternoon coiling all the copper wire and connecting them together in series. I only had enough time to connect 5 of the 10 coils (that thin wire is super annoying to work with!), so it could pretty much just power a single LED. Nevertheless, it was working! By cranking a simple gear mechanism, I could create light! If you want to see a video of it working, click [here](https://photos.app.goo.gl/2M3Wm3uRGjBKQndP8). Someday I'll finish wiring up the rest of it, and maybe I'll even make a custom PCB so that it isn't so messy. For now though, I couldn't be happier. 