&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; If you're a fellow computer nerd, I think you can understand me when I say that this PC is my pride and joy. It took me years to save up for, weeks to get all the parts, hours to build, and even more time spent tinkering and modifying as I've continued using it. I was first introduced into the SFF PC scene by Optimum Tech, and I quickly began dream of the ultimate portable PC that I could easily take back and forth from home and college. Originally, I thought I would just change my current PC's case. All I would have to do is buy a new motherboard, psu, and cooler so that everything would fit inside, but it just so happened that my plans lined up with the Christmas season, so I devised to ask each generous relative for an individual PC part to help me build an entirely new system. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I wanted something powerful that would last the next 4 years, but all the parts needed to be small enough to fit in a Louque Ghost S1 (the case I had decided upon) and cheap enough so as to be a reasonable gift to ask for. I ended up going with a refurbished Corsair SF600 power supply, a Noctua NH-L12 Ghost Edition cooler, an an Aorus B650i motherboard. As for the RAM, CPU, and GPU, I decided to buy those using my limited savings since they were too expensive to ask for as a present. I chose to go with 32Gb of G.SKILL DDR5 6000 memory (only $120!), the recently released AMD Ryzen 7 7700x, and a used EVGA XC3 RTX 3080. Thankfully, the GPU market had pretty much cooled down by this time, so I only had $600 for the 3080 (which is still too much, but we take what we can get). 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In what was probably the best Christmas ever, both my grandparents came through and got the parts I had asked for, and on Jan 10, 2023, I finished building my first ever SFF PC. It ran hot and loud, but I didn't care because I could pick it up with one hand. I took it to school to play in Computer Science class (it was senior year, I was done anyways), I took it on band trips to play in the hotels, and, of course, I took it with me to Austin when it came time to move out. However, like any computer nerd, I became unsatisfied with its performance, and thus the tinkering and modifying began. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My first upgrage was hot rodding an EK AIO to the top in order to get my CPU under 95&deg;C. With that new water cooler, my clock speeds went up, my temps went down, and my PC's aesthetic entered a new realm of insanity. Next, I wanted to a fan below the PSU, but the cables were so long, that I had to fix that first. I bought some ATX pin headers and special wire crimpers and started cutting my power supply's cables so that they were the perfect length for my tiny case. This created just enough room to squeeze a slim 120mm fan right underneath the PSU and blow all sorts of hot air across my desk. Though there is always something more to improve, this PC has rendered every 3D model, played every game, and processed every batch of photos I've wanted it to, so until the RTX 6090 comes out, I will remain content.