&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This summer, I got to spend my workdays going to the Servolution Dream Center for an internship with the Home to Texas Program. Though Servolution primarily deals with home repairs, furniture/appliance donations, and food distribution, I was there to help with technology. I spent lots of time figuring out how to write Google Sheets functions, even more time figuring out how to write Javascript, and helping out where I was needed whenever necessary. Though my workday consisted primarily of working on my laptop for hours at a time and helping anyone who walked in the door, there were plenty of times when I got to do some pretty non-standard things.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Before the Azle 4th of July celebration, known as Follow the Flag, I got to help James load up over a thousand hot dogs that Albertsons had donated for the event. The next week, the local trash company called up Servolution and offered a large financial donation if we could put up 5,000 doorhangers in the 105&deg;F weather (something I was somehow put in charge of). On my last week, there was a cement mixer that pulled into our parking lot to turn around, but when they accelerated up out of the parking lot, they spilled a massive glob of concrete on the entrance way (a volunteer and I got to shovel that up).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By the end, though, I was very happy with what I had been able to create at Servolution. I had used Tally, Google Sheets, and Google Apps Script to create an automated pipeline that received applications, vetted them, and posted them to Servolution's project management software, Trello. This pipeline was much more resilient and flexible than the Jotform and Zapier combination they were running before, and it was all free! Additionally, I was able to make a bunch of automatically updating metrics from the application data that will hopefully help them serve more people. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I really enjoyed my time at Servolution. I met a lot of really passionate and kind people, and I learned a lot of useful coding and Google Sheets skills that will hopefully be useful in the coming semester.
